# Tiris Portal System Definition

## Background
Tiris is a quantitative trading system designed for everyone.  
It enables users to create trading bots that automatically trade cryptocurrency assets on their behalf to generate profits, without requiring expertise in programming or finance.  
The system consists of a series of microservices, applications, and tools, including a website (tiris-portal) which can be extended to cross-platform applications in the future, a backend (tiris-backend), a prediction service (tiris-lib), a trading strategy executor (tiris-bot), a machine learning model training and experiment system (tiris-research), a trading data collector (tiris-dataset), and a strategy backtest system (tiris-backtest).    
Currently, Tiris only supports quantitative trading with cryptocurrencies on mainstream trading such as Binance, Kraken, Gate.io, and others.
Unlike traditional hedge fund firms, Tiris does not collect or custody user assets. Instead, it provides trading bots that operate assets under users' own trading accounts. 
Tiris-backend is a microservice that manages user accounts and trading data generated by tiris-bot. It creates, modifies, and stores data in a database system while providing data for monitoring and presentation on tiris-portal. It is only connected to the two sub systems.

## Tiris Portal Definition
The Tiris portal is a website that faces end-users who use the Tiris bot to trade cryptocurrency on their behalf. There is a vivid landing page to introduce the Tiris service to users with live demonstrations of trading. Users can sign in with SSO providers such as Google and WeChat. Users can bind their accounts to cryptocurrency exchanges like Binance, Kraken, Coinbase, Gate.io, etc. User can then create some tradings which can be operate manually or automatically by Tiris bots. The user can watch the trading process and metrics. Before binding and doing real trading, users can create a simulation trading or backtest of trading to learn what Tiris is and how it works.

## Technical requirements
It should be a responsive web application for now, and can be easily extended to all platforms, including Android, iOS, Mac, Windows, and Linux. It must be secure, fast, and intuitive to use.
This service is deployed as a docker container along with nginx as the proxy of all the services of the Tiris system. The portal should read and write data, run business logic by calling the RESTful API from the tiris-backend service.

## Resource
- The domain of the production portal is tiris.ai, while the development domain is dev.tiris.ai. 
- Tiris-portal service occupies port 8081. 
- The tiris-backend API can be accessed at https://backend.tiris.ai and https://backend.dev.tiris.ai.

## Developement
The development should follow Agile practice. The planned features will be added to the system one by one. The first feature to add is a landing page, sign-in by Google OAuth function, and simple user dashboard page list all the tradings and exchange_bindings the user have.